As you've seen, Redux has no relation to react.
React just like any other UI library,
can leverage Redux for more predictable state management.
Looking at our own implementation of react and Redux together,
the real key is that we're passing down our store as a prop,
and utilizing it to get state dispatch or subscribe whenever we need to.
If you were tasked with building a library to extract some of
the rough patches in our implementation between react and Redux,
how might you do it?
When we wrote the createStore function,
our store is responsible for three things,
getting state, updating state,
and listening for changes.
The whole goal of our abstraction should be making
these three things work as seamlessly with react as possible.